---
layout: post
title: St.Ann's College for Women
cover-img: /assets/img/logo.png
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/logo.png
share-img: /assets/img/logo.png
tags: [Organization]
---

### About College

St. Ann’s College for Women was established by the
Sisters, Society of St. Ann, in 1983, as an institution
oriented towards the cause of need-based education,
aiming at optimum growth. Ever since its
inception, the college has the distinction of
excelling in academics, research and extracurricular
activities. It has, within a short span of time,
acquired reputation as being one of the best colleges
in the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad.
At present, the college has a strength of over 3000
students and well-qualified staff members belonging
to as many as 30 different departments.
The college has been re-accredited with ‘A+’ Grade
by NAAC in the year 2018. It is declared as
“College with Potential for Excellence” by U.G.C.
The academic, social and spiritual elements of
St. Ann's college education combine to open
windows to global opportunities.

### Department of Business Management

The M.B.A. programme at St. Ann's is a 2 year
course of 4 semesters which strikes a balance
between theory and practice of modern business
management. Well-qualified and dedicated faculty
members mould the best-of breed into professionals
to meet the challenges of the corporate world. This
is done through a gamut of activities tailored to
meet student needs - soft skills programmes,
research projects, seminars and workshops, role
plays and quizzes to name a few. Specializations
offered are Finance, Marketing, Human Resource,
Retail Management and Systems.


